"You wish to join the army? Why? For what? Glory? Power? Utterly ridiculous. Perhaps I've been telling to many stories."
"I wish to hone myself on real enemies. I am tired of killing beasts."
"What I'm hearing is that you want to get yourself killed. You have no real experience. Do you have any idea what it is like to fight with your life on the line, when a single mistake will end with your corpse rotting in a casket? I know what its like,  I fought with the 5th Legion for three thousand years and with the Endless Legion for ten thousand more. I have survived more life or death situations that minutes you have lived. I tell you, you are not ready."
"But what about your stories about the Crimson Flame General, she joined as soon as she came of age."
"And every other general joined in their hundreds. Crimson Flame is an aberration the Empire hadn't seen in hundreds of thousands of years."
"I still wish to go."
"Do you have any idea what it is like to end the life of another sentient being? It is too early for you learn."
"Surely it is no different then killing a beast, after all they are all enemies of the Empire."
"Are our enemies not sentient beings as well? Do you think they don't have family, friends and loved ones? You are naive, boy, it will destroy you."

---------
"Uncle, why don't you help the other kids as well? I mean you live in such a big house with so much room. I'm sure you can fit a few more like me."
"Like you? Oh if I could find a few more like you then I'd gladly take them in. But there are no other kids like you, boy, not in this sector. You are unique."
"What makes me so different?"
"Many, many things, boy. But this should not concern you right now, all you need to know is that I saw something within you that leads me to believe that one day you might be able to become a pillar of the Empire."
"But it would be so easy to give out food or let them spend the night in the house. Why not?"
"Why do I not want a bunch of dirty children in my house? Because its pointless and annoying. Let the brainless idiots help the children. It is pointless to burden yourself with their fate. When you get to my age you'll understand. I've seen millions die, soldiers and civilians, young and old, rich and poor. There is no reason to help someone who, at best, might live longer than a hundred years."

-----------
"Let me tell you a story. Long, long ago there was a boy who, like you, had great ambition and drive with a desire to be something more. He enrolled in the local Imperial Academy and studied there for five years. He performed exceptionally and was soon transferred off planet to better school, there he spend two years. There he was still the very best in his class. Back then the boy had no understanding of the true size and power of the Empire as it was not fully explained in class. He did not understand that his achievement of being the best in his class at a Imperial Academy on a backwater planet was nothing impressive. So when the recruiter came he registered immediately. This was his chance to truly experience the world. And so, him and five others left to and Imperial training camp. There the boy learned the true scope of the empire, there he learned how lowly his achievements truly were. But the boy would not give up, his widened scope only heightened his ambition and he decided that one day he would be one of those mighty Generals. The first few years of training when fine. The boy started at the bottom and managed to claw his way up to the middle of the pack. Then she came. Back then Crimson Flame was only a first degree Imperial Champion. Even then it was far beneath her to train lowly recruits. The boy later learned it was a punishment for her behavior. After all even now she is infamous for her bloodlust and back then it was much worse. Within a year an eighth of the class were dead and much more crippled. By the end of the ten year period half were dead or crippled. The boy hated Crimson Flame but he was also grateful. While deadly her training was vital to his growth. And so after ten grueling years the boy was finally able to fight for the Empire. His very first deployment was not a year later. He and a dozen million others were sent to take a low ranked planet, much like his home. And so he went and he fought and he killed. He was good at killing and soon was promoted. He killed more and promoted again. He killed and killed till they held the planet. Then onto the next planet, then the next. Soon he had dozens of campaigns under his belt. And then he looked back and saw. He saw the families he destroyed and lives he ruined. He did not like what he saw but he was a soldier and listened to orders. And so the boy continued, three thousand years of service. In those three thousand years the boy managed to become a Imperial Champion though just a ninth degree one. In retirement the boy finally saw the true extent of the blood on his hands. And so searched for something to guide him. One day he entered an Imperial Library and there he found a book. The First Emperor was not a kind man. The stories that retell his younger day speak of a warmongering warlord who conquered his home planet with ruthless force. Accounts of those days speak of an arrogant and proud young man eager to make a name for himself. But as he grew older he no longer sought the public eye. The First Emperor never sought to rule. His goal was always Eternity. His Path was never one of war but of smithing. The First Emperor saw no inherent value in a life. Instead life is given value by others and themselves. To his friends he was kind and generous and to his enemies he was cruel and ruthless. He acknowledged the value of his enemies to those that love them but enemies were enemies. He gave mercy to the weak and ignorant like one might spare a clueless bug. He made examples of those who were against him. The First Emperor never regretted a kill, perhaps some deaths could have been prevented and some were unnecessary but the past is unchanging. To get caught up by such things means the end of your Path. The boy read and read, of the First Emperor and others. The boy realized why they fought, why they killed. They fought for the Empire, they killed so it could grow. While low ranked planets were nothing to the Empire, he helped push the Empires borders as the truly powerful conquered the true prizes. Every campaign resulted in more land, more resources, and more people for the Empire. Every kill was to strengthen the Empire. The boy finally understood. And so he sought out more. He explored the Empire and pursued Eternity. Every step towards that unreachable goal shared by so many was fraught with danger. And like everyone who walks their Path the boy reached a roadblock. No matter what he did he was stuck. But the boy was not ready to give up, and so he signed with the Endless Legion. The Endless Legion did not fight other factions like the other Legions. The Endless Legion fought within the Endless Realm. The Endless Realm is a relic of a previous era a pocket realm of impossible size. Most pocket realms within the Empire are barely larger than a small continent and the largest no larger than a small planet. The Empire holds and area equivalent to the size of several standard solar systems within the Endless Realm with no sign of an border. The Endless Legion are responsible for expanding the Empires hold and to search for treasures. Because the soldiers of the Endless Legion are allowed to keep a certain amount of treasures, many join in an attempt to continue on their path. The boy fought for millennia and on his six thousand four hundred and thirty eighth year with the Endless Legion he found a treasure that allowed him to take another step on his Path. For more than four more millennia he continued searching but found nothing. The boy finally retired to live out the rest of his life. The Empire treats its veterans very well and the boy lived happily for many years. Listen to me boy, your Uncle should live for tens of thousands of years more but he burnt too much of his life force attempting save himself. Now I will be lucky to live a few more millennia. If you decide to pursue Eternity understand that once you take a step you will never be able to escape. You will forever be entrapped by that unreachable goal. To be honest your Uncle hope you try. Perhaps if you do reach Eternity then there will be someone that remembers him when he is long dead."

"If you are still committed then go. Your Path is yours to walk alone. But when the time comes, do not hesitate and kill without mercy. Mercy is a privilege, a privilege of the strong and powerful. You are weak. If you find yourself conflicted then head to an Imperial Library. A large portion will be dedicated to personal descriptions of various people's beliefs. Writing such books is a tradition dating back to the first few millennia of the Empire's existence when the First Emperor still ruled. Before he left he gave a book on his own beliefs to the Head Librarian and asked that it be made available to anyone. Every time the First Emperor returned he would add a new version. It soon became common practice for various figures to do the same. It will do you good to read some of them and of course the First Emperors own account."

""