A single leaf drifting in the wind, unknowing of its destination. For millennia he fled from himself, drifting around in this empty sector. For thousands of years, without purpose or direction, carried by the wind. The world had grown dull after hundreds of thousands of years. He remembered his younger days, when he dared to set his eyes upon Eternity, when he pointed his sword towards the Heavens within him, when he believed himself capable of overturning the Heavens and grasping Eternity. 
Back then he had been so confident, so arrogant and he paid the price for it. But he did not despair. If he could not grasp Eternity then perhaps a descendent of his could. And so he nurtured a clan. Under his supervision his descendants grew powerful and numerous. One day, while he was meditating, he felt a flash of providence unlike any other. Born to his clan was a man who's providence shone brighter than any star. On that day he declared that man his heir. 
That man was ambitious and he did nothing to curb those ambitions. Once again he grew overconfident, giving his heir free reign to whatever he wanted. After all how could a man so favored by universe itself die? In his hubris he saw no other possibilities, his heir would grasp Eternity and he could die happy knowing he has left a mark in annals of history. 
Even now he still could not understand how it could have possibly happened. That man was a beacon of prosperity and the clan flourished alongside him. But he had grown lax, he thought his clan invincible. He allowed his heir to delve into places no one should ever enter and uncover secrets that should have never been uncovered. They managed to rip a hole into the Void, the nothingness between realities. And through that hole they called forth a beast that inhabited the emptiness. They though they could contain it, control it, or at least kill it, but they were so very wrong. He and his heir fought for as long as they could, but it was not enough. His entire clan was annihilated in the aftermath, and his heir killed. He only survived because an old friend arrived just in time to slay the beast.
Broken and without purpose, he fled the ruins of his clan. He found a remote corner of the universe and sealed his power, intending to live the rest of his life in relative peace. And so he did. He found a quant little planet and lived there for the past few millennia. Sometimes he was a wandering merchant or sellsword, other times he was a simple farmer or hunter. Until now he was content in living this simple life till the end of his days.
"A leaf drifting in the wind, have I truly fallen so far?"
He look up towards the sky, a vibrant mix of violets and oranges. As the sun dipped below the horizon the orange fled with the sun and violet darkened to black. Lowering his eyes, he once again watched the leaf drift in the wind. He watched as it flew, free and unburdened, and with one final sigh, he let go.
The sky, lit by an innumerable number of stars, filled with dark clouds. The sky was no longer a mirror black filled with pinpricks of light, but swirling gray mass. Similar scenes appeared all over the planet as storm clouds blanketed the world. Once calm seas were whipped into a fury by gale force winds. 
His simple farmers smock was replaced a slighted faded azure robe. The robe was once a deep azure embroidered with silver threads. Now it was the light blue of tropical seas embroidered with steely gray threads. A simple leather scabbard with silver accents hung from his left hip.
In one smooth motion, he drew his sword. A simple unadorned straight blade the color of open seas. He raised his sword and pointed it towards the sky. For so long he had been afraid, but what did it matter? Was he content to live out the rest of is days as a weakling or make one final bid at Eternity? To give up would be an insult to his Path, one he had walked for nearly five million years. Now he understood, he would have never been content with a simple life. 
Far above the planet he sensed the Heavens gather, he felt its fury as he attempted to surpass it. The Heavens could not abide a mortal attempting to surpass it and so it sought to strike him down for his transgressions. He felt the Heavens anger condensing into a monochrome cloud of void black and radiant white. With one final glance at the gathering Tribulation he began his ascension. 
The land behind him became a raging sea. Waves rose and fell like great blades of water as they cut through the air. Every crashing wave was a strike of his sword and every strike was an expression of his Path. He was the raging sea beneath the tempest, the crashing waves and swirling currents. Before him the Gate of Heaven appeared. The Gate manifests in different ways for everyone and for him the Gate was a simple metal gate. The gate was made of the same deep azure metal as his sword and was carved with the full **something** of violent seas. Around two thirds of the way up the gate was a deep gash. When he first saw his Gate all those years ago he had been shocked. His sword was a gift from his old friend given to him right before his old friend Stepped through the Gate of Heaven. For most of his life he had been chasing his friends shadow and it seemed that even at the Final Step he could not escape that man's shadow. The gash was his first attempt to Step through the Gate of Heaven. Most would have died from the attempt but once again his old friend saved his life. This would be his final attempt no matter what happens.
Clearing his mind of all errant thoughts he gathered his strength and swung. A wave crashed and the Gate blew open. With eyes set on the Path that lay before him, he took the Final Step.