Arthur had always wanted to be a Knight. He grew up listening to stories of great heroes who slayed mighty beasts and killed evil sorcerers. And soon it would be time for him to be tested. Tomorrow the examiners will arrive in village and every sixteen year old in the village will be tested for the ability to become a Knight or a Scholar. He was hoping with all his heart to be accepted into an academy of combat{will change}.
He could already imagine his graduation. Thousands of people watching and cheering as he is being Knighted. Bards and poets will write songs about his might. Above his mantle he'll hang the head of an {animal}. The king himself will award him with a medal for his service. He'll be so rich he could buy his village and the mountain next to it.
Though perhaps his chances would be higher if he managed to bring home something for tomorrows feast{this sentence need help}. For the second time today his daydreaming had caused him to lose focus and cost him a deer{will change}. Refocusing on the task at hand Arthur resumed his trek through the forest, making sure to step more carefully. 
Sunlight flitted through the canopy as he glanced around the underbrush. Not a sign of life to be seen. Perhaps it was time to go back. It would take him another two hours to get back and judging from height of the sun he had about two and a half maybe three hours of sunlight left. There was no way he was staying in the forest after dark. Even his dad rarely hunted after dark. There were just to many dangerous beasts at night. 
Just as he was turning around there was a loud crash followed by an enraged bellow. He could hear branches snap as what ever it was crashed through the underbrush. Whatever was making that noise was big and angry and Arthur wanted nothing to do it. He slowly finished his turn and, being careful to not make to much noise, ran towards the village. Best to get some distance before it notices his presence. The last thing he wanted was to get eaten the day before the examination. 
After a few minutes he slowed his pace, putting more effort into staying quiet and not leaving a trail. Whatever it was had stopped making noise by the time he slowed down but there was no way of knowing were it was now. Perhaps it was hunting him down or perhaps it was dead. All he could do was keep moving and try his very best to not make any noise and leave any sign of his passing. 
It was a true shame he was going home empty handed. A good deer{will change} could fetch {some amount of money once i got economy figured out} and it couldn't hurt to personally present a gift to the examiners just it case. 
An hour later Arthur finally stopped to rest. He found a good log and sat down and grabbed a piece of jerky from his pocket. He had made slower pace than expected because of the noise. It would take another two hours to get home at that pace. He should be safe but the last thing he wanted to do was guide a dangerous beast right to the village. The sun was already low to the horizon and he would still be hard pressed to make it back before dark even if he sped up.
Swallowing the final piece of jerky, Arthur stood up and resumed his trek back to the village. While he still wasn't confident enough to go at full speed it should be fine to speed up a little. Hopefully he'll make it back before it gets well and truly dark. 
Arthur ran nonstop for one in a half hours through the woods. The sun's fading rays casted long, ominous shadows which, combined with the occasional strange sound, made him incredibly jumpy. His imagination would run wild every time he heard a strange noise or saw a particularly weird shadow. Every inch of his clothes were soaked with sweat and his legs felt like they were on fire. The night was not particularly cold but the early autumn chill combined with his damp clothes and occasional gust of wind made it feel like the dead of winter. The thought of siting in front of a warm hearth with a hot meal was almost enough to make him forget the pain in his legs. 
After a few minutes of rest he stood up, resisting the urge to lay down and just sleep. Doing so would be no less than suicide and he wasn't that tired yet. Rousing his aching muscles for one last time, he resumed his jog through the forest. The first few steps felt like needles stabbing into his legs but there was nothing he could do but grit his teeth and keep going. After a few minutes the pain lessened and the world began to fade. The surrounding forest became a blur as he focused completely on putting one foot in front of the other. He barely noticed as the sun sunk completely below the horizon, the forest lit but nothing but the pale glow of the moon. And he didn't register the faint blue glow that grew every step he took. 
The once dim forest was now illuminated by a deep blue glow as if the area had be flooded with water. He had never heard of such a phenomenon. He had stopped in a small circular clearing about 10 feet in diameter. In the center of clearing, laying in the grass was a small shard of deep blue metal. The more Arthur looked the more the clearing seemed out of place. The grass waved in a mysterious pattern the reminded him of an ocean though he barely knew what an ocean was. The shard of metal was such a deep vibrant yet dark blue, like the sea on a stormy night. Though again he had no idea what that meant. It was like just seeing grass wave and watching the light glint off that shard of metal could instill in him the very essence of the sea. 
With a shock Arthur realized that he had walked almost to the middle of the clearing. The forest was gone, replaced by a deep blue sea. Above dark grey clouds gathered, signaling an incoming storm. Yet he was just standing there, on the water, without sinking. On the ground, or maybe water, in front of him lay that same metal shard. It now glimmered with an even more profound light, just glancing at it caused a cut on his arm. The sky was now filled with ominous grey clouds and he could feel as the wind began to grow. The once calm seas began to grow agitated as waves grew in height. The wind howled in his ear while waves crashed. 
Each crashing wave was the strike of a blade. The raging seas seemed as chaotic as can be but every strike felt intentional as the waves slashed through the air. If he strained his eyes, every once and a while, he could catch the faint shadow of a man wielding a blade. Again he saw it, this time he was able make out that the sword was made of a deep blue metal. Another fleeting shadow and this time he saw a small patch that glowed slighted on the blade. That was the piece he found in the forest!
As soon as he has that thought the raging sea disappeared. Instead a series of scenes flashed before his eyes. One moment he was staring at a sea of stars the next he was fighting a great beast that defied all understanding. He watched thousands of people, all wearing the same azure robes bow down to him. He saw a man in shining white armor cut down a horror beyond mortal comprehension. He saw flashes of a simple life at a remote homestead. A great gate then lightning then nothing. 
