Arthur awoke with a start. What happened? Was any of it real or was it a dream? Sitting up and looking around revealed that the clearing he was in had changed. The grass no longer waved in those mysterious patterns, now no different from the rest of the forest. He looked up, glancing at the sky, it was well and truly dark now. 
There was no way he could make it home now. He was stuck, in the wilderness, for the rest of the night. He no way of defending himself as his hunting bow was practically useless against anything bigger that a deer{different animal later}. He was going to die today, eaten by some beast, the day before his one chance to be something more than a simple hunter. Now his journey would end before it could even begin.
His vision blurred and distorted, the forest became one dark mass surrounding him. He collapsed back onto the ground, hugging his knees to his chest. Someone was squeezing his heart, crushing his chest. Father had always told him to project strength even when he was weak, that perceived strength was almost as good as real strength. Tears came unbidden to his eyes, streaming down his cheeks. Father would have reprimanded him harshly for such a obvious and {something} sign of weakness. But what did it matter? He would never see his father ever again. He would never come home to his mother cooking, never be able to tease his little sister or watch his baby brother grow up. His breath caught in his throat. It was like a thick cloth covering his mouth, suffocating him.
He could already see it, a great gaping maw fill with horrifying teeth tearing into his flesh as it's brutal claws cut him to ribbons. To think just yesterday he was excitedly telling his friends that his father had finally let him hunt by himself for the whole day. They had excited discussed the upcoming examination and what they would do if selected. Now there would be no examination for him, no glorious future, nothing but a grisly end in a beasts belly.
Claws reaching out, rending flesh and bone, dismembering him. A great maw, ripping into his chest, crushing bone. Death was close, reaching for him, its cold hand is his chest, around his heart. Its breath on his cheek like the winter breeze. It held him tight, squeezing his heart. He was so close, he could feel the veil, reach out and touch it. His hand moved of its own volition, reaching out to that place beyond the veil. A centimeter, a half, a quarter, then just a millimeter away. It was wall of ice, frozen glass, like—pain, pain like nothing he had ever felt before. It was as if someone had clove his head in two. Like a nail driven into his mind. 
For a moment the world went dark. Then the forest return, no longer as foreboding. The stars seem to shine brighter, weaking the shadows. The waving shadows no longer conjured images of evil sorcerers and {evil creature of myth}. How had this happened? One moment he was there, at the edge of oblivion and next he seemed perfectly fine in a forest that no longer terrified him. 
Still, very little had changed. He still had no idea were he was and had no way of seeking help. He still needed to survive the rest of the night somehow. With a start he realized he was still curled up on the floor and hurriedly attempted to get up. But as he moved to push himself up off the ground he realized he was clutching something in his right hand. It was that strange shard of metal. Strangely he had no recollection of how it ended up in his hand. He must have grabbed it during that weird vision. It was no longer glowing or feeling mysterious. Now it was just a strangely colored shard of metal. 
Perhaps the shard of metal had done something to cause him to snap out of that strange trance. He was burning up with questions, where had it come from, what even was it, what had it done, and so much more. However survival was a much more pressing matter, he could satisfy his curiosity later. He'll keep it in his pack for now. 
His first priority was to conceal his presence. He had a poultice that help conceal his scent but that was most certainly not enough. Even the faintest sound could draw a beasts attention and simply breathing could reveal him. He also had very little to help him blend in with the surroundings. His clothes of course were made to hid him against even the sharpest eyes but his face was uncovered as his sweat had ruined his face paint. He had some left in his pack but he was frankly horrible at applying the stuff. Even though it was just a bunch of blobs he always managed to screw it up somehow. Many a time his father had joked that he would be better off just smearing some mud on his face. Now he was basically going to do just that. Because of the darkness he should be able to get away with covering his face in the darkest color he had plus some mud. 
Rummaging through his pack, making sure not to make any noise, he grabbed the darkest face paint he had and began applying it carefully. He still had no idea what was with the strange swaying grass so he would mess with it. Instead he moved to the edge of the clearing and got some damp dirt and smeared it on his face. Now, just he just needs to find a good spot to hide. 
The clearing was obviously out but he didn't want to go too far away. Something about that place was urging him to stay and there was no real downside to staying nearby. He needed to find a place that was comfortable enough that he won't move for the whole night but not comfortable enough that fall asleep. It also needed to allow him to get up and run if things go south. It would be easier to get up from a siting position and it would give him a better view of his surroundings. 
After a few minutes of searching he found a serviceable spot. Something had nearly cored out a still standing tree. The entrance was large enough to get a good view but well concealed by the surrounding undergrowth. He carefully climbed into the hollow, trying not to disturb the undergrowth. 
Although there was the suffocating scent of mold and everything was quite damp, it was somewhat comfortable. He shifted around a bit before settling in in a comfortable position. Now the waiting game begins. 
